ca.athabascau.plugin.jrp.JournalOfResearchPracticePlugin: coppulpln synergiespln
ca.sfu.lib.plugin.cartoons.SFUCartoonsPlugin: coppulpln
ca.sfu.lib.plugin.contentdm.ContentDmFrontEndPlugin: coppulpln
ca.sfu.lib.plugin.contentdm.LockssdmPlugin: coppulpln
ca.ucalgary.lib.plugin.UniversityOfCalgaryRepositoriesPlugin: coppulpln
ca.usask.plugin.directory.UniversityOfSaskatchewanDirectoryPlugin: coppulpln
ca.usask.plugin.etd.UniversityOfSaskatchewanETDPlugin: coppulpln
de.huberlin.plugin.dspace.DSpacePlugin
de.huberlin.plugin.edoc.edocServer
de.huberlin.plugin.opus.OPUSPlugin
de.huberlin.plugin.ubka.UBKAPlugin
de.huberlin.plugin.vkb.VKBPlugin
dk.dkdemopln.DkDemoSourcePlugin
edu.auburn.adpn.directory.AuburnDirectoryPlugin: adpn
edu.auburn.adpn.discoverauburn.DiscoverAuburnPlugin: adpn
edu.auburn.adpn.HistoricalMapsDrawerPlugin: adpn
edu.auburn.adpn.HistoricalMapsPlugin: adpn
edu.auburn.adpn.sesquicentennial.SesquicentennialLectureSeriesPlugin: adpn
edu.auburn.adpn.sledgepapers.SledgePapersPlugin: adpn
edu.auburn.adpn.VetMedSlidesPlugin: adpn
edu.auburn.contentdm.ContentDmPlugin: adpn coppulpln
EDUCatt.Analisi.Ling.Lett
edu.columbia.plugin.JiwsPlugin: humanities
edu.cornell.library.epr.EPRPlugin2001: humanities
edu.cornell.library.epr.EPRPlugin2002On: humanities
edu.cornell.library.jbe.JBEPlugin: humanities
edu.fcla.plugin.arkivoc.ArkivocPlugin: prod
edu.harvard.plugin.AppliedSemiotics.AppliedSemioticsPlugin: humanities
edu.harvard.plugin.jrs.JRSPlugin: humanities
edu.harvard.plugin.WorldHaikuReview.WorldHaikuReviewPlugin: humanities
edu.indiana.lib.plugin.jcjpc.JcjpcPlugin: humanities
edu.indiana.lib.plugin.mto.MTOPlugin: humanities
edu.jhu.library.plugin.jrf.JournalOfReligionAndFilmPlugin: humanities
edu.jhu.library.plugin.MedievalForumPlugin: humanities
edu.nyu.plugin.bonefolder.BonefolderPlugin: humanities
edu.nyu.plugin.ejce.EJCEPlugin: humanities
edu.nyu.plugin.ejcjs.EJCJSPlugin: humanities
edu.nyu.plugin.entelequia.EntelequiaPlugin
edu.nyu.plugin.heplwebzine.HEPLwebzine: humanities
edu.nyu.plugin.journalofglobalbuddhism.JournalOfGlobalBuddhismPlugin: humanities
edu.nyu.plugin.LeedsICSPlugin: humanities
edu.princeton.plugin.bmcr.BMCRPlugin: humanities
edu.princeton.plugin.ncaw.19thCenturyArtWorldwidePlugin: humanities
edu.shc.adpn.images.SpringHillCollegeImagesPlugin: adpn
edu.stanford.plugin.exquisitecorpse.ExquisiteCorpsePlugin: humanities
edu.troy.adpn.postcards.PostcardsPlugin: adpn
edu.ua.adpn.contentdm.UAContentDmPlugin: adpn
edu.ua.adpn.contentdm.UAContentDmSplitCollectionsPlugin: adpn
edu.ua.adpn.cunningham.CunninghamPlugin: adpn
edu.ua.adpn.emphasis68.Emphasis68RecordingsPlugin: adpn
edu.ua.adpn.pboconfederate.PboConfederateImprintsPlugin: adpn
edu.uab.adpn.directory.UabDirectoryPlugin: adpn
edu.uab.adpn.oralhistory.UABOralHistoryPlugin: adpn
edu.una.plugin.McDonaldPhotosPlugin: adpn
edu.upenn.library.plugin.annualofurdustudies.AnnualOfUrduStudiesPlugin: humanities
edu.upenn.library.plugin.clcweb.CLCWebPlugin: humanities
edu.wisc.library.plugin.BigBridgePlugin: humanities
edu.wisc.library.plugin.BigBridgeVol1Plugin: humanities
edu.wisc.library.plugin.CortlandReview00Plugin: humanities
edu.wisc.library.plugin.CortlandReview98Plugin: humanities
edu.wisc.library.plugin.CortlandReview99Plugin: humanities
edu.wisc.library.plugin.CortlandReviewPlugin: humanities
edu.yale.library.lockss.plugin.intermarium.Intermarium2014Plugin: humanities
edu.yale.library.lockss.plugin.intermarium.IntermariumPlugin: humanities
edu.yale.library.lockss.plugin.mitejmes.MITEJMESPlugin: humanities
gov.alabama.archives.adpn.directory.AlabamaDepartmentOfArchivesAndHistoryDirectoryPlugin: adpn
gov.alabama.archives.adpn.executiveorders.ExecutiveOrdersPlugin: adpn
gov.alabama.archives.adpn.goldstar.GoldstarPlugin: adpn
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.amberwaves.Amber_WavesPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.environmentalhealthperspectives.Environmental_Health_PerspectivesPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.fbilawenforcementbulletin.FBI_Law_Enforcement_BulletinPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.humanities.HumanitiesPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.monthlyenergyreview.MonthlyEnergyReviewPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.monthlylaborreview.MonthlyLaborReviewPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.nistjournalofresearch.NISTJournalOfResearchPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.socialsecuritybulletin.SocialSecurityBulletinPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.surveyofcurrentbusiness.SurveyOfCurrentBusinessPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.gpo.access.permanent.plugin.treasurybulletin.TreasuryBulletinPlugin: gpo-pilot
gov.loc.plugin.CJPentecostalCharismaticResearchPlugin: humanities
gov.loc.plugin.TESLEJPlugin: humanities
in.ernet.iisc.plugin.JournalOfTheIndianInstituteOfSciencePlugin: alliance
it.mulino.plugin.sociologica
it.unicatt.centrodiriceerca.plugin.almanacco
it.unicatt.centrodiriceerca.plugin.minimabiblio
it.unicatt.plugin.mulino.sociologica
nz.ac.otago.plugin.scholia.ScholiaPlugin: humanities
org.bplonline.adpn.BirminghamPublicLibraryBasePlugin: adpn
org.hmcpl.directory.HmcplDirectoryPlugin: adpn
org.lockss.plugin.absinthe.AbsinthePlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.acsess.ACSESSBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.acsess.ACSESSJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.acsess.ClockssACSESSBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.acsess.ClockssACSESSJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.amavirtualmentor.ClockssAMAVirtualMentorPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.americaninstituteofphysics.ClockssAIPJatsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.americaninstituteofphysics.ClockssAmericanInstituteOfPhysicsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.americanmathematicalsociety.AmericanMathematicalSocietyPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.americanmathematicalsociety.ClockssAmericanMathematicalSocietyBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.americanmathematicalsociety.ClockssAmericanMathematicalSocietyPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.americansocietyofcivilengineers.ClockssAmericanSocietyOfCivilEngineersSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ans.AnsPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.ans.ClockssAnsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.anthrosource.AnthroSourcePlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.anu.ClockssAnuBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.anu.ClockssAnuPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.applevalleyreview.AppleValleyReviewPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.archiveit.ArchiveItApiPlugin: cgipln ivypluspln
org.lockss.plugin.archiveit.ArchiveItExplodedPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.archiveit.ArchiveItPlugin: cgipln ivypluspln
org.lockss.plugin.ashdin.AshdinPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.aslo.LimnologyAndOceanographyMethodsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.aslo.LimnologyAndOceanographyPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.associationforcomputingmachinery.ClockssACMDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.associationforcomputingmachinery.ClockssACMJatsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.associationforcomputingmachinery.ClockssAssociationForComputingMachinerySourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.aaas.ClockssAaasPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.acc.ACCJournalsPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.acp.ACPJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.aiaa.AIAABooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.aiaa.AIAAPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.aiaa.ClockssAIAABooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.aiaa.ClockssAIAAPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.allenpress.AllenPressJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.allenpress.ClockssAllenPressJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.americanmeteorologicalsociety.AMetSocPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.americanmeteorologicalsociety.ClockssAMetSocPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.americansocietyofcivilengineers.ClockssASCEPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.americanthoracic.AtsJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.ammonsscientific.ClockssAmmonsScientificPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.ampsychpub.AmPsychPubAtyponPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.ampsychpub.ClockssAmPsychPubAtyponPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.apha.AmPublicHealthAssocPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.aps.AmPhysSocAtyponPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.aps.ClockssAmPhysSocAtyponPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.arrs.ARRSPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.asco.AscoJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.asco.ClockssAscoJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.aslha.AmericanSpeechLanguageHearingAssocAtyponPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.aslha.ClockssAmericanSpeechLanguageHearingAssocAtyponPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.asm.AsmPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.asm.ClockssAsmPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.BaseAtyponBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.BaseAtyponISBNBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.BaseAtyponPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.besbjs.BESBJSPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.bir.BIRAtyponPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.bir.ClockssBIRAtyponPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.bloomsburyqatar.BloomsburyQatarPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.bloomsburyqatar.ClockssBloomsburyQatarPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.emeraldgroup.ClockssEmeraldGroupBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.emeraldgroup.ClockssEmeraldGroupPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.emeraldgroup.EmeraldGroupBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.emeraldgroup.EmeraldGroupPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.endocrinesociety.ClockssEndocrineSocietyBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.endocrinesociety.ClockssEndocrineSocietyPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.endocrinesociety.EndocrineSocietyBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.endocrinesociety.EndocrineSocietyPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.faseb.ClockssFasebAtyponPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.faseb.FasebAtyponPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.futurescience.ClockssFutureScienceBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.futurescience.ClockssFutureSciencePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.futurescience.FutureScienceBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.futurescience.FutureSciencePlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.hlthaff.HealthAffairsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.inderscience.ClockssIndersciencePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.inderscience.IndersciencePlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.liverpool.ClockssLiverpoolBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.liverpool.ClockssLiverpoolJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.liverpool.LiverpoolBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.liverpool.LiverpoolJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.maney.ClockssManeyAtyponPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.maney.ManeyAtyponPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.markallen.ClockssMarkAllenPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.markallen.MarkAllenPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.massachusettsmedicalsociety.MassachusettsMedicalSocietyPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.multiscience.ClockssMultiSciencePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.multiscience.MultiSciencePlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.nrcresearchpress.ClockssNRCResearchPressBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.nrcresearchpress.ClockssNRCResearchPressPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.practicalaction.ClockssPracticalActionBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.practicalaction.ClockssPracticalActionJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.rsna.RsnaJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.rsp.ClockssRoyalSocietyPublishingAtyponPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.rsp.RoyalSocietyPublishingAtyponPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.sage.ClockssSageAtyponJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.sage.SageAtyponJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.seg.ClockssSEGBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.seg.ClockssSEGPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.siam.ClockssSiamBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.siam.ClockssSiamPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.siam.SiamBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.siam.SiamPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.wageningen.ClockssWageningenBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.wageningen.ClockssWageningenJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.wageningen.WageningenBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.atypon.wageningen.WageningenJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.autobiography.AutoBiographyPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.autobiography.ClockssAutoBiographyPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.BasicBloggerPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.bepress.BePressPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.bepress.BerkeleyElectronicPressSectionPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.bepress.ClockssBerkeleyElectronicPressPlugin: prod: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.bepress.ClockssBerkeleyElectronicPressSectionPlugin: prod: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.bepress.ClockssDigitalCommonsRepositoryPlugin: prod: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.bepress.DigitalCommonsRepositoryPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.bepress.DigitalCommonsRepositoryThemePlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.berghahn.BerghahnJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.berghahn.ClockssBerghahnJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.biologicinstitute.ClockssBiologicInstitutePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.bioone.BioOne2020Plugin: alliance: prod
org.lockss.plugin.bioone.BioOneAtyponPlugin: alliance: prod
org.lockss.plugin.bioone.BioOnePlugin: alliance: prod
org.lockss.plugin.bioone.ClockssBioOneAtyponPlugin: prod: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.blackbird.BlackbirdPlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.blackquotidianrdf.ClockssBlackQuotidianRDFPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.bloomsburyqatar.BloomsburyQatarPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.bloomsburyqatar.ClockssBloomsburyQatarPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.bmc.BioMedCentralPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.bmc.BMCPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.bmc.ClockssBioMedCentralPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.bmc.ClockssBMCPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.casaeditriceclueb.ClockssCasaEditriceCluebSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.chinesedeathscape.ClockssChineseDeathscapePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.actadermatovenereologica.ClockssActaDermatoVenereologicaNLMSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.aiaa.ClockssAIAASourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.aimsciences.ClockssAimsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.airiti.ClockssAiritiSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.alpsp.ClockssAssociationOfLearnedAndProfessionalSocietyPublishersSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.aofoundation.ClockssAOFoundationSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.apma.ClockssAmericanPodiatricMedicalAssociationSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.arl.ClockssARLSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.avs.ClockssAmericanVacuumSocietySourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.bioone.ClockssBioOneSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.bioscienceresearch.ClockssBioscienceResearchDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.bradypus.ClockssBradypusBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.cambridge.ClockssCambridgeUniversityPressSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.canadiandental.ClockssCanadianDentalAssocSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.casalini.ClockssCasaliniLibriBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.casalini.ClockssCasaliniLibriBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.casalini.ClockssCasaliniLibriMarcDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.casalini.ClockssCasaliniLibriMarcSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.ClockssDeliveredSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.ClockssDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.ClockssSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.codeocean.ClockssCodeOceanSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.coursesource.ClockssCourseSourceSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.crossref.ClockssCrossrefSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.discreteanalysis.ClockssDiscreteAnalysisSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.duke.ClockssDukeEuclidSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.eastview.ClockssEastviewBookSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.eastview.ClockssEastviewDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.eastview.ClockssEastviewNewspaperDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.eastview.ClockssEastviewSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.elifesciences.ClockssElifeSciencesSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.emhswiss.ClockssEmhSwissMedicalSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.ers.ClockssEuropeanRespiratorySocietySourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.frontiers.ClockssFrontiersBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.frontiers.ClockssFrontiersDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.frontiers.ClockssFrontiersSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.futureacademy.ClockssFutureAcademySourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.gigascience.ClockssGigaScienceJournalSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.hellenic.ClockssHellenicPsychiatricAssociationSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.ice.ClockssICEPublishingSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.igpublishing.ClockssIGPublishingBookSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.indexcopernicus.ClockssIndexCopernicusSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.innovativemedicalresearchpress.ClockssInnovativeMedicalResearchPressSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.innovativepublication.ClockssInnovativePublicationSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.intechopen.ClockssIntechOpenBooksDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.intechopen.ClockssIntechOpenBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.iop.ClockssIopBackContentSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.iop.ClockssIopBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.iop.ClockssIopDeliveredSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.iop.ClockssIopDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.iop.ClockssIopDirZipSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.iop.ClockssIopSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.iospress.ClockssIosPressSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.isass.ClockssIsassSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.isciencenotes.ClockssIScienceNotesSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.isecs.ClockssInternationalStructuralEngineeringConstructionSocietySourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.jemds.ClockssJournalofEvolutionMedicalDentalSciencesSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.lia.ClockssLiaJatsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.liverpool.ClockssLiverpoolUniversityPressBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.markallen.ClockssMarkAllenGroupBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.mdpi.ClockssMdpiDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.mdpi.ClockssMdpiSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.mersenne.ClockssMersenneSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.mpidr.ClockssMPIDRSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.msptm.ClockssMSPTMSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.nature.ClockssBoneKeyTriggeredContentPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.nature.ClockssNaturePublishingGroupSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.numeriquepremium.ClockssNumeriquePremiumBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.nzma.ClockssNZMASourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.onixbooks.ClockssAthabascaUniversityOnix3SourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.onixbooks.ClockssKnowledgeUnlatchedBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.onixbooks.ClockssNAPBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.onixbooks.ClockssOnix3BooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.onixbooks.ClockssUniversityOfAlbertaBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.oxforduniversitypress.ClockssOxfordUniversityPressSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.pages.ClockssPagesSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.peercommunityin.ClockssPeerCommunityInSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.permanyer.ClockssPermanyerSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.phildoc.ClockssPhilosophyDocumentationCenterDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.phildoc.ClockssPhilosophyDocumentationCenterSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.pkp.ClockssPkpSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.quantum.ClockssQuantumSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.sagebaywood.ClockssSageBaywoodSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.sagebaywood.ClockssSageBaywoodTriggeredContentPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.sage.ClockssSageBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.sage.ClockssSageJatsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.schweizerbart.ClockssSchweizerbartJatsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.scienceopen.ClockssScienceOpenBooksSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.scienceopen.ClockssScienceOpenSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.scientificvideoprotocols.ClockssScientificVideoProtocolsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.scipost.ClockssSciPostSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ClockssSpringerExplodedPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ClockssSpringerPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.stanforduniversitypress.ClockssSUPressOnix2BooksZipSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.tangram.ClockssTangramEdizioniScientificheSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.transtech.ClockssTransTechPublicationsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.verduci.ClockssVerduciEditoreSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.warc.ClockssWarcPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.wolterskluwer.CLockssWoltersKluwerSourcePlugin
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.zappylab.ClockssZappyLabDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clockss.zappylab.ClockssZappyLabSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.clogic.CulturalLogicPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.cloudpublish.CloudPublishPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.cloudpublish.liverpool.ClockssLupBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.cloudpublish.liverpool.ClockssLupPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.cloudpublish.liverpool.LiverpoolBooksPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.cloudpublish.liverpool.LupPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.cloudpublish.pap.PapPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.coactionpublishing.ClockssCoActionPublishingPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.coactionpublishing.CoActionPublishingPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.copernicus.ClockssCopernicusPublicationsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.copernicus.CopernicusPublicationsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.dictynna.DictynnaPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.disputatio.DisputatioPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.dividedsociety.ClockssDividedSocietyCollectionSnapshotPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.dividedsociety.ClockssDividedSocietySnapshotPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.dove.ClockssDoveMedicalPressPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.drunkenboat.DrunkenBoatPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.dryad.ClockssDryadPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.dspace.DSpacePlugin: coppulpln
org.lockss.plugin.edinburgh.ClockssEdinburghUniversityPressPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.edinburgh.EdinburghUniversityPressPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.ejobsat.ClockssEuropeanJournalBusinessScienceTechnologyPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.elifesciences.ClockssELifeSciences2018Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.elifesciences.ClockssELifeSciencesPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.elifesciences.ELifeSciences2018Plugin
org.lockss.plugin.elifesciences.ELifeSciencesPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.elsevier.ClockssElsevierDeliveredSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.elsevier.ClockssElsevierDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.elsevier.ClockssElsevierDTD5SourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.elsevier.ClockssElsevierExplodedPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.elsevier.ClockssElsevierPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.elsevier.ClockssElsevierSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.emc.EarlyModernCulturePlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.emerald.ClockssEmerald2020BooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.emerald.ClockssEmerald2020Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.emerald.Emerald2020BooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.emerald.Emerald2020Plugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.emerald.EmeraldPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.emls.EmlsPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.etd.fsuplugin.FSUETDPlugin: aserl-etd
org.lockss.plugin.etd.gatechplugin.GATechETDPlugin: aserl-etd
org.lockss.plugin.etd.ncstateplugin.NCStateETDLegacyPlugin: aserl-etd
org.lockss.plugin.etd.ukyplugin.UKYETDPlugin: aserl-etd
org.lockss.plugin.etd.vanderbiltetdplugin.VanderbiltETDPlugin: aserl-etd
org.lockss.plugin.etd.vtetdplugin.VTETDLegacyPlugin: aserl-etd
org.lockss.plugin.europeanmathematicalsociety.ClockssEuropeanMathematicalSocietyBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.europeanmathematicalsociety.ClockssEuropeanMathematicalSocietyPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.europeanmathematicalsociety.EuropeanMathematicalSocietyBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.europeanmathematicalsociety.EuropeanMathematicalSocietyPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.evergreenreview.EvergreenReviewPlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.figshare.ClockssFigsharePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.GendersPlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.georgthiemeverlag.ClockssGeorgThiemeVerlagBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.georgthiemeverlag.ClockssGeorgThiemeVerlagPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.georgthiemeverlag.GeorgThiemeVerlagBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.georgthiemeverlag.GeorgThiemeVerlagPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.gigascience.ClockssGigaSciencePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.gigascience.GigaSciencePlugin
org.lockss.plugin.heterocycles.ClockssHeterocyclesPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aaas.ClockssAAASDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aacc.AmAssocClinChemDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aacr.AmAssocCancerResearchDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aai.AAIDrupalPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aai.ClockssAAIDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aap.AAPDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aap.ClockssAAPDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aapl.AAPLDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aapl.ClockssAAPLDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aarespcare.AmAssocRespCareDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.accardiol.AmCollegeCardiologyDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ada.ADADrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ada.ClockssADADrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.adha.ClockssADHADrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aha.AHADrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aha.ClockssAHADrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ajs.AjsDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.annalsfamilymedicine.AnnalsFamilyMedicineDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.annalsfamilymedicine.ClockssAnnalsFamilyMedicineDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aps.APSDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aps.ClockssAPSDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.apta.APTADrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.arf.ARFDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.asenvit.AmSocEnVitDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ash.ASHDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ashealthsys.AmSocHealthSysDrupalPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.asm.ASMDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.asn.AsnJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.asnr.AsnrDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aspb.ASPBDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aspb.ClockssASPBDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aspet.ASPETDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.aspet.ClockssASPETDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.besbjs.BESBJSDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.biologists.BiologistsDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.biologists.ClockssBiologistsDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.bmj.BMJDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.cfpc.CollegeFamilyPhysCanadaDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ClockssHighWireJCorePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ClockssHighWirePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ClockssHighWirePressH20Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.cma.CmaDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.elife.ClockssELifeDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.embo.EMBODrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ers.ClockssERSBookPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ers.ClockssERSDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ers.ERSDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.fsf.FSFDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.gensoc.ClockssGeneticsSocietyDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.gensoc.GeneticsSocietyDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ghsp.GhspDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.gsl.ClockssGSLDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.gsl.GSLDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.gsw.ClockssGSWDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.gsw.GSWDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.HighWireJCorePlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.HighWirePlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.HighWirePressH20Plugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.HighWirePressH20TriggeredPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.HighWirePressPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.HighWireStrVolPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.HighWireTriggeredPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.iiar.IiarDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.iwa.ClockssIWADrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.iwa.IWADrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.jabfm.JabfmDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.jbjs.JBJSDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.jr.JrDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.lsa.ClockssLifeScienceAllianceDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.nas.ClockssNasDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.nas.NasDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ncmj.NcmjDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.origins.HighWireOriginsPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.oup.ClockssOUPDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.oup.OUPDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.pda.ClockssPDADrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.portlandpress.ClockssPortlandPressDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.portlandpress.PortlandPressDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.rcgp.RCGPDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.rcp.RcpOriginsPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.rcpsych.RCPsychDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.rsp.ClockssRSPDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.rsp.RSPDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.rup.ClockssRUPDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.rup.RUPDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.sepm.ClockssSepmBooksH20Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.sfn.ClockssSFNDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.sfn.SFNDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.snmmi.ClockssSnmmiDrupalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.snmmi.SnmmiDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.swc.SwcDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.highwire.ucpress.UCPressDrupalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.hindawi.ClockssHindawiPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.hindawi.ClockssHindawiPublishingCorporationPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.hindawi.HindawiPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.hindawi.HindawiPublishingCorporationPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.hispanicissuesonline.HispanicIssuesOnLinePlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.histcoop.HistoryCooperativePlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.huffpoblog.HuffPoBlog
org.lockss.plugin.iexpln.bsb.BibliotheksverbundBayernPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.igiglobal.ClockssIgiGlobalBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.igiglobal.ClockssIgiGlobalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.igiglobal.IgiGlobalBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.igiglobal.IgiGlobalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.illiesia.ClockssIlliesiaPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.illiesia.IlliesiaPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.indianauniversitypress.IndianaUniversityPressPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.ingenta.ClockssIngentaBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ingenta.ClockssIngentaJournalPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ingenta.IngentaBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.ingenta.IngentaJournalPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.internationalunionofcrystallography.ClockssInternationalUnionOfCrystallographyPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.internationalunionofcrystallography.InternationalUnionOfCrystallographyPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.internationalunionofcrystallography.oai.ClockssIUCrOaiPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.internationalunionofcrystallography.oai.IUCrOaiPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.interresearch.ClockssInterResearchPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.invisibleculture.InvisibleCulturePlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.invisibleculture.InvisibleCultureReviewPlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.iop.ClockssIOPSciencePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.iop.IOPPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.iumj.ClockssIUMJ2018Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.iumj.ClockssIUMJPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.iumj.IUMJ2018Plugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.iumj.IUMJPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.jackmagazine.JackMagazinePlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.jafscd.JafscdPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.janeway.ghentuniversitylibrary.ClockssGhentUniversityLibraryPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.janeway.ghentuniversitylibrary.GhentUniversityLibraryPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.janeway.iowastatedp.ClockssIowaStateDPPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.janeway.olh.ClockssOLHPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.janeway.olh.OLHPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.janeway.universityofmichigan.ClockssUniversityofMichiganPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.janeway.universityofmichigan.UniversityofMichiganPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.janushead.JanusHeadPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.janushead.JanusHeadPluginLegacy
org.lockss.plugin.jasper.ClockssJasperPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.jidc.ClockssJidcOJS2Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.jmir.JMIRPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.jscm.JSCMPlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.jstor.ClockssJstorCurrentScholarshipPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.jstor.ClockssJstorPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.jstor.JstorCurrentScholarshipPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.jstor.JstorPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.lapetitezine.LaPetiteZinePlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.laserinstituteofamerica.ClockssLaserInstituteOfAmericaSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.livestockresearch.LivestockResearchPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.locksscard.LockssCardPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.madhattersreview.MadHattersReviewPlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.maffey.ClockssMaffeyPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.maffey.MaffeyPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.mathematicalsciencespublishers.ClockssMathematicalSciencesPublishersPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.mathematicalsciencespublishers.MathematicalSciencesPublishersPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.mediawiki.ClockssMediaWikiPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.mediawiki.MediaWikiPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.medknow.ClockssMedknowPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.medknow.MedknowPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.metapress.ClockssMetaPressPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.metapress.MetaPressPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.michigan.ClockssUMichFulcrumBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.michigan.UMichFulcrumBooksPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.minerva.Minerva2020Plugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.minerva.MinervaPlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.msr.MSRPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.msue.MichiganStateUniversityExtensionPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.nationalweatherassociation.NationalWeatherAssociationPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.nature.ClockssNaturePublishingGroupPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.oecd.OecdBookPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.ojs2.ClockssOJS2Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ojs2.OJS2Plugin: alliance coppulpln ibictpln synergiespln
org.lockss.plugin.ojs3.ClockssOjs3Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ojs3.Ojs3Plugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.ojs.OJSPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.othervoices.OtherVoicesPlugin: prod
org.lockss.plugin.palgrave.ClockssPalgraveBookPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.peerj.ClockssPeerJ2016Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.peerj.ClockssPeerJPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.peerj.PeerJ2016Plugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.peerj.PeerJPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pensoft.ClockssPensoftPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pensoft.oai.ClockssPensoftOaiPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pensoft.oai.PensoftOaiPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pensoft.PensoftPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pion.ClockssPionIPerceptionPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pion.ClockssPionPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.plos.PLoSPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.portlandpress.ClockssPortlandPressPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.portlandpress.PortlandPressPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.projmuse.ProjectMuse2017Plugin: alliance: prod
org.lockss.plugin.projmuse.ProjectMuse2020BooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.projmuse.ProjectMuseBooksPlugin: alliance: prod
org.lockss.plugin.projmuse.ProjectMusePlugin: alliance: prod
org.lockss.plugin.prok.ProkPlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.psychiatryonline.PsychiatryOnlineTextbooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.asm.ASMscienceBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.asm.ASMscienceJournalsPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.asm.ClockssASMscienceBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.asm.ClockssASMscienceJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.hbku.ClockssHBKUPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.hbku.HBKUPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.iet.ClockssIetJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.ms.ClockssMicrobiologySocietyJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.ms.MicrobiologySocietyJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.Pub2WebBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pub2web.Pub2WebJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.ajtmh.AjtmhPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.ajtmh.ClockssAjtmhPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.ametsoc.AMetSoc2021Plugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.ametsoc.ClockssAMetSoc2021Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.bioscientifica.BioscientificaPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.manchesteruniversitypress.ClockssManchesterUniversityPressBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.manchesteruniversitypress.ClockssManchesterUniversityPressPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.manchesteruniversitypress.ManchesterUniversityPressBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.manchesteruniversitypress.ManchesterUniversityPressPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.PubFactoryBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.pubfactory.PubFactoryJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.resiliencealliance.ClockssResilienceAlliancePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.respediatrica.ClockssResPediatricaOaiPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.respediatrica.ResPediatricaOaiPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.rlg.RLGDigiNewsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.royalsocietyofchemistry.ClockssRoyalSocietyOfChemistryPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.royalsocietyofchemistry.ClockssRSC2014Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.royalsocietyofchemistry.ClockssRSCBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.royalsocietyofchemistry.RoyalSocietyOfChemistryPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.royalsocietyofchemistry.RSC2014Plugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.royalsocietyofchemistry.RSCBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.sage.ClockssSageIngentaPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.sage.SageTriggeredContentPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.sample.SamplePlugin
org.lockss.plugin.scalar.blackquotidian.ClockssBlackQuotidianPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.scalar.ClockssScalarRDFPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.scalar.constructingsacred.ClockssConstructingTheSacredPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.scalarweb.constructingsacred.ClockssConstructingTheSacredPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.scalarweb.whenmelodiesgather.ClockssWhenMelodiesGatherPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.scalar.whenmelodiesgather.ClockssWhenMelodiesGatherPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.scielo.ClockssSciELOPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.scielo.SciELOPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.secrecynews.SecrecyNewsPlugin: alliance usdocspln
org.lockss.plugin.secrecynews.SecrecyNewsSpecialCollectionsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.sfpoetrybroadside.SantaFePoetryBroadsidePlugin: humanities
org.lockss.plugin.silvafennica.ClockssSilvaFennicaNoJidPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silvafennica.ClockssSilvaFennicaPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.aap.AAPSilverchairPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.aap.ClockssAAPSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ada.AmericanDiabetesAssociationSilverchairPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ada.ClockssAmericanDiabetesAssociationSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.allenpress.AllenPressSilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.allenpress.ClockssAllenPressSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ama.AmaSilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ama.ClockssAmaSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.aota.AOTASilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.aota.ClockssAOTASilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.arvo.ARVOSilverchairPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ash.ASHSilverchairPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ClockssSilverchairBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ClockssSilverchairCommonThemePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ClockssSilverchairJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ClockssSilverchairProceedingsPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.companybiologists.ClockssCompanyBiologistsSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.companybiologists.CompanyBiologistsSilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.dup.ClockssDupSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.dup.DupSilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.geoscienceworld.ClockssGeoscienceWorldSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.geoscienceworld.GeoscienceWorldSilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.iwap.ClockssIwapSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.iwap.IwapSilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.oup.ClockssOupSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.oup.OupSilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.portlandpress.ClockssPortlandPressSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.portlandpress.PortlandPressSilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.rockefelleruniversitypress.ClockssRockefellerUniversityPressSilverchairPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.rockefelleruniversitypress.RockefellerUniversityPressSilverchairPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.SilverchairBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.SilverchairCommonThemePlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.SilverchairJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.SilverchairProceedingsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.silverchair.ucpress.UCPressSilverchairPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.sjdm.JudgmentAndDecisionMakingPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.smallaxe.SmallAxePlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.spandidos.ClockssSpandidos2020Plugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.spandidos.ClockssSpandidosPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.spandidos.Spandidos2020Plugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.spandidos.SpandidosPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.springer.ClockssSpringerDeliveredJatsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.springer.ClockssSpringerDeliveredSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.springer.ClockssSpringerDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.springer.ClockssSpringerJatsSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.springer.ClockssSpringerLinkBookPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.springer.ClockssSpringerSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.springer.link.SpringerLinkBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.springer.link.SpringerLinkJournalsPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.springer.SpringerLinkPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.swjpcc.ClockssSwjpccSnapshotPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.taylorandfrancis.ClockssTaylorAndFrancisDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.taylorandfrancis.ClockssTaylorAndFrancisPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.taylorandfrancis.ClockssTaylorAndFrancisSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.taylorandfrancis.TaylorAndFrancisPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.topaz.TopazPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.ubiquitypress.ClockssUbiquityPressPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ubiquitypress.upn.ClockssUbiquityPartnerNetworkBooksPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ubiquitypress.upn.ClockssUbiquityPartnerNetworkPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.ubiquitypress.upn.UbiquityPartnerNetworkBooksPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.ubiquitypress.upn.UbiquityPartnerNetworkPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.universityofalberta.ClockssUniversityOfAlbertaPlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.universityofcaliforniapress.UniversityOfCaliforniaPressPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.universityofillinoispress.JournalOfSeventeenthCenturyMusicPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.usdocspln.gov.govinfo.GovInfoCourtsSitemapsPlugin: usdocspln
org.lockss.plugin.usdocspln.gov.govinfo.GovInfoSitemapsPlugin: usdocspln
org.lockss.plugin.usdocspln.gov.gpo.fdsys.GPOFDSysBulkDataPlugin
org.lockss.plugin.usdocspln.gov.gpo.fdsys.GPOFDSysSitemapsPlugin: usdocspln
org.lockss.plugin.usenix.login.UsenixLoginPlugin: alliance
org.lockss.plugin.WileyClockss: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.wiley.ClockssWileyDirSourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.wiley.ClockssWileySourcePlugin: clockss
org.lockss.plugin.wroclawmedicaluniversity.ClockssWroclawMedicalUniversityJournalsPlugin: clockss
org.molvis.plugin.MolVisPlugin: prod
org.nypl.plugin.failbetter.FailbetterPlugin: humanities
org.nypl.plugin.PoetryBayPlugin: humanities
org.nypl.plugin.shampoo.ShampooPlugin: humanities
org.nypl.plugin.WordsWithoutBordersPlugin: humanities
uk.org.lockss.plugin.annualreviews.AnnualReviewsPlugin: alliance
uk.org.lockss.plugin.annualreviews.AnnualReviewsV2Plugin: alliance
uk.org.lockss.plugin.drogoresearch.DrogoResearchPlugin: alliance
uk.org.lockss.plugin.informationresearch.InformationResearchPlugin: alliance
uk.org.lockss.plugin.jelit.JeLitPlugin: alliance
uk.org.lockss.plugin.museumandsociety.MuseumAndSocietyPlugin: alliance
uk.org.lockss.plugin.psycoloquy.PsycoloquyPlugin: alliance
us.ak.state.library.plugin.AlaskaStateDocsPlugin: alliance
za.ac.nlsa.lockss.plugin.WaterSAPlugin: humanities
